README.md, before:

# Coverflex Frontend Challenge

Hello!

During this code interview, you will be working on a React application together with us.

The session will last one hour, with the last 15 minutes reserved for questions from both sides.

This challenge helps us see how you apply your technical skills and approach problems. It's not about finding the "right" answer, but how you arrive at it. We're excited to work with you on this challenge!

Here, you have a base repository with the technologies you will use during the session. It’s crucial that you can run the application and have everything installed and set **before** our call.

## **Technologies**

- **`React`** with **`Typescript`**
- **`[Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en)`**
- **`[yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/)`**
- **`[Vite](https://vitejs.dev/)`**
- **`Git`**
- **`Fetch api`** or **`Axios`**
- **`Jest`** with **`react-testing-library`**
- **[Live Share plugin for VSCode](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=MS-vsliveshare.vsliveshare)**

## Preparation

- You will need a version of Node installed (v16-v18) and yarn as our package manager of choice.
- After cloning the repo, start by installing the dependencies with the command **`yarn install`**.
- After that, you should be able to run the application with the command **`yarn run dev`**.
- Ensure you can run the testing suite with the command **`yarn run test`**.
- Lastly, we will ask you to install the Live Share extension so we can pair and solve this exercise together. You will probably handle most of the work. If you prefer to use any other app for pairing, that's fine, but please let us know in advance so we can set it up too.
- During the call, you will also need to share your entire screen. Ensure you have the appropriate permissions on your Google Meet browser beforehand.

## **The Challenge**

At the start of our meeting, we'll address any questions you might have. We'll also show you a working version of the app and a design of the component you will need to build for step 2.

After that, you'll be able to **pull a new git branch** onto your local machine from our base project, which we will complete together. We've already done some tasks for you, so you don't need to build everything from scratch.

The challenge is structured in four small parts:

1. Fetching some data from an API endpoint and displaying the data on the screen.
2. Building a small React component and passing the data you fetched into it.
3. Manipulating some data that will change what appears on the screen.
4. Last but not least, we will conduct some tests to ensure everything works as it should!

And that's it!
If you have any doubts regarding the instructions or the installation, send us an email, and we'll get back to you as soon as we can! 

Best of luck 🚀

Commit message:

feat: add validate command and remove test setup for analytics and zendesk

README.md, after:

# Coverflex Frontend Challenge

Hello!

During this code interview, you will be working on a React application together with us.

The session will last one hour, with the last 15 minutes reserved for questions from both sides.

This challenge helps us see how you apply your technical skills and approach problems. It's not about finding the "right" answer, but how you arrive at it. We're excited to work with you on this challenge!

Here, you have a base repository with the technologies you will use during the session. It’s crucial that you can run the application and have everything installed and set **before** our call.

## **Technologies**

- **`React`** with **`Typescript`**
- **`[Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en)`**
- **`[yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/)`**
- **`[Vite](https://vitejs.dev/)`**
- **`Git`**
- **`Fetch api`** or **`Axios`**
- **`Jest`** with **`react-testing-library`**
- **[Live Share plugin for VSCode](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=MS-vsliveshare.vsliveshare)**

## Preparation

- You will need a version of Node installed (v16-v18) and yarn as our package manager of choice.
- After cloning the repo, start by running the command **`yarn validate`**. This command will install the dependencies, run typecheck on the project, and finally run the test suite. This will make sure you have everything ready and set up for the start of the interview.
- Lastly, we will ask you to install the Live Share extension so we can pair and solve this exercise together. You will probably handle most of the work. If you prefer to use any other app for pairing, that's fine, but please let us know in advance so we can set it up too.
- During the call, you will also need to share your entire screen. Ensure you have the appropriate permissions on your Google Meet browser beforehand.

## **The Challenge**

At the start of our meeting, we'll address any questions you might have. We'll also show you a working version of the app and a design of the component you will need to build for step 2.

After that, you'll be able to **pull a new git branch** onto your local machine from our base project, which we will complete together. We've already done some tasks for you, so you don't need to build everything from scratch.

The challenge is structured in four small parts:

1. Fetching some data from an API endpoint and displaying the data on the screen.
2. Building a small React component and passing the data you fetched into it.
3. Manipulating some data that will change what appears on the screen.
4. Last but not least, we will conduct some tests to ensure everything works as it should!

And that's it!
If you have any doubts regarding the instructions or the installation, send us an email, and we'll get back to you as soon as we can! 

Best of luck 🚀
